# APRL Carbontypes

Code to accompany manuscript on carbon type analysis. Submitted to *Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics Discussions* as

> Takahama, S. and Ruggeri, G.: Technical Note: Relating functional group measurements to carbon types for improved model-measurement comparisons of organic aerosol composition, Atmos. Chem. Phys. Discuss., doi:10.5194/acp-2016-926, in review, 2016.

This software is distributed under the GNU Public License (GPLv3).

## Essential scripts

1. build\_ssp.sh
2. build\_attributes.sh
3. production\_chain.sh

These scripts can be run individually through the sh shell:

```
$ sh scriptname.sh
```

## Notes

* The directory containing this file (README.md) is the working directory.
* `options(stringsAsFactors=FALSE)` should be the default behavior in R and is specified at the beginning of each script.
* config_IO.R facilitates I/O across files
* config_fig.R facilitates figure configuration across files

Files not generated by scripts:

* inputs/apinene_formatted.csv (from MCM-KPP-GP simulation)
* inputs/apinene_aer_formatted.csv (from MCM-KPP-GP simulation)
* inputs/example_1.json (manually generated)
* inputs/meas_FGs.json (manually generated)
* inputs/Sax2005\_Table2\_APIN.csv (manually generated)
* inputs/mcm\_apinene\_mass.txt (generated from MCM web)

## Repository structure

Directories:

* lib/: code library for reused functions
* data-raw/: original data
* data/: populated with build\_ssp.sh
* outputs/: output of analysis\_\*, export\_\*, production\_\*, figures\_\*

Scripts:

* build\_*: data prep (for constructing master tables). read/write to directory data/
* analysis\_*: analysis. write to directory outputs/
* select\_*: selection of example
* config\_*: configurations
* figures\_*: production figures
* rev\_*: additional analyses which considers combined set of molecules from APIN and TMB mechanisms
